Update Element Timing API pages (#22846)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performanceelementtiming/loadtime/index.md

{{APIRef("Performance API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`loadTime`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceElementTiming")}} interface always returns `0` for text. For images it returns the time which is the latest between the time the image resource is loaded and the time it is attached to the element.

Reviewer: >For images it returns the time which is the latest between the time the image resource is loaded and the time it is attached to the element.

I don't follow this one, what's 'attaching to the element' in this context? 🤔

Author: I think it means that the image resource the browser loaded need to be attached to the element where it should appear. So, browser loads image resource img.png at a URL and then attaches that resource to where it was requested in the DOM (maybe an <img> or other element where e.g. CSS background-image was used).

## Value

A {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} with the `loadTime` of the element. Always `0` for text.

## Examples

### Logging `loadTime`

> In this example an {{HTMLElement("image")}} element is being observed by adding the [`elementtiming`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/elementtiming) attribute. A {{domxref("PerformanceObserver")}} is registered to get all performance entries of type `"element"` and the `buffered` flag is used to access data from before observer creation. Calling `entry.loadTime` returns the loadTime of the image element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example an {{HTMLElement("img")}} element is being observed by adding the [`elementtiming`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/elementtiming) attribute. A {{domxref("PerformanceObserver")}} is registered to get all performance entries of type `"element"`. The `buffered` flag is used to access data from before the observer was created. Calling `entry.loadTime` returns the loadTime of the image element.
```

Reviewer 2: not sure if my edit is correct. If it is, then all occurrences...
